README.md, before:

# GIM, LLC
## General Industrial Manufacturers, LLC

_"Commited to providing the best industrial supplies for your company"_


> `enter the ghost in the machine`

_One day, while cleaning the server trays, a kind young soul was thrust into a strange fate.. Their soul now lives within the server and needs your help to be set free..._

The repository for the server side can be found [here](https://github.com/GIM-LLC/GIM-server)


### Group Members
- Katrina Cloyd [GitHub](https://github.com/KatrinaCloyd) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/katrinacloyd/)
- Juli Vela [GitHub](https://github.com/juliannevela) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliannevela/)
- Casey Warren [GitHub](https://github.com/caseywar) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/casey-maynah-warren/)
- Devon Wolfkiel [GitHub](https://github.com/devon-wolf) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/devon-wolfkiel/)
- Cameron Zimmerman [GitHub](https://github.com/CameronZimmerman) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cameron-zimmerman/)


## add actual netlify and heroku sites here
GIM, LLC is hosted on [Netlify]()

The GIM, LLC server is hosted on [Heroku]()


Project planning can be seen on our [Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lA3sn-w=/?utm_source=notification&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=daily-updates&utm_content=go-to-board).

Commit message:

Readmes (#78)
* story section image flip fix

* ghost floats out of screen if points reach 15

* add last headshots

* fix multiple points on header click

* dont click working over socket and upping points correctly

* change dont section back to hover

* fix url

* fix gim image rotate animation

* fix url

* duck working on client and socket

* duck css fix

* merge fix

* end game redirect working

* testing for main three section on page load, add prop types to components

* merge fix

* merging issues

Co-authored-by: Katrina Cloyd <‘Katrina.cloyd@yahoo.com’>

README.md, after:

# GIM, LLC
## General Industrial Manufacturers, LLC

_"Commited to providing the best industrial supplies for your company"_


> `enter the ghost in the machine`

_One day, while cleaning the server trays, a kind young soul was thrust into a strange fate.. Their soul now lives within the server and needs your help to be set free..._

GIM LLC is an escape room inspired website where players work together to find clues to free the ghost! 

Built using React.js and socket.io for player interactivity. 
The repository for the server side can be found [here](https://github.com/GIM-LLC/GIM).

![alt text](public/assets/readmeImg.png)

### Group Members
- Katrina Cloyd [GitHub](https://github.com/KatrinaCloyd) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/katrinacloyd/)
- Juli Vela [GitHub](https://github.com/juliannevela) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliannevela/)
- Casey Warren [GitHub](https://github.com/caseywar) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/casey-maynah-warren/)
- Devon Wolfkiel [GitHub](https://github.com/devon-wolf) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/devon-wolfkiel/)
- Cameron Zimmerman [GitHub](https://github.com/CameronZimmerman) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cameron-zimmerman/)


## delpoyed site links
GIM, LLC is hosted on [Netlify](https://www.escapegim.com/)

The GIM, LLC server is hosted on [Heroku](https://gim-server.herokuapp.com)


Project planning can be seen on our [Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lA3sn-w=/?utm_source=notification&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=daily-updates&utm_content=go-to-board).
